everyone today I am here with my lego
starwars
older public underground sit face on
Hoth I really hope you guys enjoy the
video and I guess we will begin the top
part which is terrain goes obviously the
actual base is underground obviously
this is Hoth so this is all snow and
things and then this right here in the
middle is kind of a hatch that would
open a big door they would open to get
down into the base underground and all
these old public troopers there's you
know focus that so we can see steps
better all these older public troopers
are walking over here and then this
guy's kind of inspecting these two guys
are inspecting stuff trying to find a
way to hopefully get in here this is my
this is an older public Jedi that I just
made for this mock I'm gonna focus it so
we can see it even better
it's a the robot guy from season 9
season 9 yeah and then he has two pink
lightsaber blades which I thought was
cool so that's kinda just like my old
republic guy all of the all the older
public troopers are holding brick arms
Star Wars rifles and then just blasters
this guy actually has dual blasters
because is that cool along with that guy
and I think there might be another one
nope there's not you'll also see
obviously just layering of snow so you
get little hills and whatnot plus a
little bit of ice made of trans blue
tiles strands blue studs and then some
trans little 1 by 1 plates also little
pebbles and things little rocks around
the area to make it to make the terrain
look a little bit more interesting focus
it again
and yeah that's pretty much the top
terrain part of this mock so this whole
thing obviously are not really obviously
but it does come off just put it down
and we can get a look in here and it
looks like some of these guys have
fallen over so I'm just gonna put them
back up I didn't put them on jumpers or
anything which I probably should have
but I didn't so let's just this is the
last guy these are all the SIF troopers
in their underground base lots of detail
on the walls and they go all the way
around the walls and I guess we'll start
over here
we're gonna spin this around so we can
get a better look at this part of the
MOC looks a figure fell over again well
as you can see these are kind of some
rocks and even while they kind of built
into this little rock area right here
there's just like an underground spring
of water and then they're piping out the
water and it's like they're a little bit
closer again sorry about all this
focusing so that our piping out the
water through these pipes into this big
tank just for you know uses such as
energy or drinking or whatever they have
to use water for and then I guess we
move on to some of the wall detailing if
you look in I just have random stuff in
the walls like that and then if you look
at the bottom
I've black and then I have dark red and
then some trans red pieces to represent
the SIF which I thought was kind of cool
and then just some sloping in places and
then just wall detail things you spin
around there more while detailing this
is a I got alright let's do this this is
kind of a computer table to monitors and
then two guys working at this
a table which I like to use this is kind
of this middle thing you can see some
trans red under there which I thought
was just kind of cool
and some yellow kind of caution stuff
because obviously the thing and the
thing in the roof would open and then I
just kind of put this here - along with
that along with the opening roof there's
some guys talking right here
back here is all the hologram stuff
pretty much - Holograms on either
hologram tables on either side just
circular ones this one's being used that
that one isn't so it's not on and then
this is a big map kind of simulating
hills and stuff with these holographic
stuff which is just studs obviously I
really like the shape of this table I
thought that was cool the floor is all
tiled and then some kind of design with
dark grey tiles more wall detailing
right along here with slopes and things
and this is kind of a medical area for
people who are you know messed up to
medical beds on the other side this guy
is kind of getting some work done and
then this is a kind of a medic guy
working on this monitor medical monitor
thing on the wall look more guys are
falling over that's wonderful so I'm
gonna push I'm gonna put this back up on
top of here to end the video awesome
there we go I hope you guys enjoyed the
video please remember to leave a like
and subscribe if you haven't and I think
that that wraps everything up bye
everyone